Add Note on Previews to PR Template (#2692)
simple-icons/simple-icons: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
Before opening your pull request, have a quick look at our contribution guidelines:
https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md
-->

<!--

> Add a preview image of your submission using

Reviewer: I would:

- Just include it in the same comment.
- Add a colon at the end, like the existing line.
- Either have an extra empty line in both or in neither.

```suggestion

Add a preview image of your submission using:

```

> Add a preview image of your submission using

Reviewer: I would reword this using "consider" so  contributors don't feel obliged to use it. For now I would like to keep this as an optional thing so we can get some feedback on the system. Perhaps even ask for feedback here? What do you think @PeterShaggyNoble?

```suggestion
-->

<!--
Consider adding a preview image of your submission using
```
